um the differences between us and the other branches are for one. I think
our culture, um, a big day for me, especially when I joined, was
the fact that if you join the Navy nine times out of 10 you will be
around some form of water and, uh, unlike being an air force of the
Army or the Marines. I didn't want to be anywhere near the desert or
anywhere near, like a bunch of just like nature. I didn't want to
sleep after sleep out in the field. I rather sleep in a little cotton
on the ship at the bottom of the ship, as opposed to sleeping out
in the desert. So I would say those are like, two of the big things
is just the the locations that you're operating here and the climates
and environments operating in and just the culture of being a sailor.
Um, being on the inside, you can kind of notice like a definitely
a rah rah. You know, uh, mentality out of the say, the Marines and
the Army and the Air Force is more like laid back, like we're kind
of casual on the neighbors, just kind of like in the middle, you know,